The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
Thanksgiving Day is a national holiday celebrated primarily in the United
States and Canada as a day of giving thanks for the blessing of the harvest
and of the preceding year. Several other places around the world observe
similar celebrations. It is celebrated on the fourth Thursday of November
in the United States and on the second Monday of October in Canada.
Thanksgiving has its historical roots in religious and cultural traditions,
and has long been celebrated in a secular manner as well. In the United
States, the modern Thanksgiving holiday tradition is commonly, but not
universally, traced to a poorly documented 1621 celebration at Plymouth
in present-day Massachusetts.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
Origami is the traditional Japanese art of paper folding. The goal of this
art is to transform a flat sheet of paper into a finished sculpture through
folding and sculpting techniques, and as such the use of cuts or glue are
not considered to be origami. Paper cutting and gluing is usually
considered kirigami. The number of basic origami folds is small, but they
can be combined in a variety of ways to make intricate designs. The best
known origami model is probably the Japanese paper crane. In general, these
designs begin with a square sheet of paper whose sides may be different
colors or prints. The principles of origami are also being used in stents,
packaging and other engineering structures.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
Many scientists, farmers, and businesses have debated how to make
agriculture sustainable. Using community recycling from yard and kitchen
waste utilizes a local area's commonly available resources. These resources
in the past were thrown away into large waste disposal sites, are now used
to produce low cost organic compost for organic farming. Other practices
includes growing a diverse number of perennial crops in a single field,
each of which would grow in separate season so as not to compete with each
other for natural resources. This system would result in increased
resistance to diseases and decreased effects of erosion and loss of
nutrients in soil.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
The development of music among humans could have taken place against the
backdrop of natural sounds such as birdsong and the sounds other animals
use to communicate. Prehistoric music is the name which is given to all
music produced in preliterate cultures. A range of paleolithic sites have
yielded bones in which lateral holes have been pierced: these are usually
identified as flutes. The earliest written records of musical expression
are to be found in India. Instruments, such as the seven-holed flute and
various types of stringed instruments have been recovered from the Indus
Valley Civilization archaeological sites. India has one of the oldest
musical traditions in the world.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
The Nobel Prizes are annual international awards bestowed by Scandinavian
committees in recognition of cultural and scientific advances. The will of
the Swedish chemist Alfred Nobel, the inventor of dynamite, established the
prizes in 1895. The prizes in Physics, Chemistry, Physiology or Medicine,
Literature, and Peace were first awarded in 1901. The Peace Prize is
awarded in Oslo, Norway, while the other prizes are awarded in Stockholm,
Sweden. Each Nobel Prize is regarded as the most prestigious award in its
field. Each recipient, or laureate, receives a gold medal, a diploma, and a
sum of money which depends on the Nobel Foundation's income that year. The
prize cannot be shared among more than three people.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
Google began in January 1996 as a research project by Larry Page and Sergey
Brin when they were both students at Stanford University. While conventional
search engines ranked results by counting how many times the search terms
appeared on the page, the two theorized about a better system that analyzed
the relationships between websites. Page and Brin originally nicknamed their
new search engine "BackRub", because the system checked backlinks to
estimate the importance of a site. Eventually, they changed the name to
Google, originating from a misspelling of the word "googol", the number one
followed by one hundred zeros, which was picked to signify that the search
engine was intended to provide large quantities of information.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
Many scientists, farmers, and businesses have debated how to make
agriculture sustainable. Using community recycling from yard and kitchen
waste utilizes a local area's commonly available resources. These resources
in the past were thrown away into large waste disposal sites, are now used
to produce low cost organic compost for organic farming. Other practices
includes growing a diverse number of perennial crops in a single field,
each of which would grow in separate season so as not to compete with each
other for natural resources. This system would result in increased
resistance to diseases and decreased effects of erosion and loss of
nutrients in soil.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
A tornado is a violently rotating column of air that is in contact with
both the surface of the earth and a cumulonimbus cloud or, in rare cases,
the base of a cumulus cloud. They are often referred to as twisters or
cyclones. Tornadoes come in many shapes and sizes, but they are typically
in the form of a visible condensation funnel, whose narrow end touches the
earth and is often encircled by a cloud of debris and dust. Most tornadoes
have wind speeds less than 110 miles per hour (177 km/h), are about 250
feet (76 m) across, and travel a few miles (several kilometers) before
dissipating. The most extreme tornadoes can attain wind speeds of more
than 300 miles per hour (483 km/h).
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
Chess is a two-player strategy board game played on a chessboard. Although
the objective of the game is to checkmate the opponent, chess games do not
have to end in checkmate-either player may resign which is a win for the
other player. It is considered bad etiquette to continue playing when in a
truly hopeless position. If it is a game with time control, a player may
run out of time and lose, even with a much superior position. Games also
may end in a draw (tie). A draw can occur in several situations, including
draw by agreement, stalemate, threefold repetition of a position, the
fifty-move rule, or a draw by impossibility of checkmate (usually because
of insufficient material to checkmate).
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
The Guinness Book of Records is a reference book published annually,
containing a collection of world records, both human achievements and the
extremes of the natural world. The book itself holds a world record, as the
best-selling copyrighted book series of all time. The Guinness World
Records began with a single question. During a shooting party in County
Wexford, Ireland, in 1951, Sir Hugh Beaver asked: what was Europe's fastest
game bird? Despite a heated argument and an exhaustive search within the
host's reference library he could not find the answer. He realized that
similar questions were going unanswered all around the world, and that a
book containing superlative facts would be of great use to the public.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
The Super Bowl is the annual championship game of the National Football
League (NFL), the highest level of professional American football in the
United States, culminating a season that begins in the late summer of the
previous calendar year. The Super Bowl uses Roman numerals to identify each
game, rather than the year in which it is held. For example, Super Bowl I
was played on January 15, 1967, following the 1966 regular season. The game
was created as part of a merger agreement between the NFL and its
then-rival league, the American Football League (AFL). It was agreed that
the two leagues' champion teams would play in the AFL-NFL World
Championship Game until the merger was to officially begin in 1970.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
The Moon is in synchronous rotation with Earth, always showing the same
face with its near side marked by dark volcanic maria that fill between
the bright ancient crustal highlands and the prominent impact craters. It
is the most luminous object in the sky after the Sun. Although it appears
a very bright white, its surface is actually dark, with a reflectance just
slightly higher than that of worn asphalt. Its prominence in the sky and
its regular cycle of phases have, since ancient times, made the Moon an
important cultural influence on language, calendars, art and mythology. The
Moon's gravitational influence produces the ocean tides and the minute
lengthening of the day.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
Sudoku is a logic-based number placement puzzle. The goal is to fill a
9x9 grid so that each column, each row, and each of the nine 3x3 boxes
(also called blocks or regions) contains the digits from 1 to 9 only one
time each. The puzzle setter provides a partially completed grid. The
modern puzzle was invented by an American architect, Howard Garns, in 1979
and published by Dell Magazines under the name "Number Place". It became
popular in Japan in 1986, after it was published by Nikoli and given the
name Sudoku, meaning single number. The numerals in Sudoku puzzles are used
for convenience; arithmetic relationships between numerals are irrelevant.
Any set of distinct symbols will do, such as letters, shapes, or colours.
The United States is the world's oldest surviving federation. It is a
constitutional republic and representative democracy. The government is
regulated by a system of checks and balances defined by the U.S.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
Constitution, which serves as the country's supreme legal document. In the
American federalist system, citizens are usually subject to three levels of
government, federal, state, and local; the local government's duties are
commonly split between county and municipal governments. In almost all
cases, executive and legislative officials are elected by a plurality vote
of citizens by district. The federal government is composed of three
branches: legislative, executive and judicial.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
The life cycles of many wild plants and animals are closely linked to the
passing of the seasons; climatic changes can lead to interdependent pairs
of species (e.g. a wild flower and its pollinating insect) losing
synchronization, if, for example, one has a cycle dependent on day length
and the other on temperature or precipitation. In principle, at least, this
could lead to extinctions or changes in the distribution and abundance of
species. Drier summers could lead to more periods of drought, potentially
affecting many species of animal and plant. Wetter, milder winters might
affect temperate mammals or insects by preventing them hibernating or
entering torpor during periods when food is scarce.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
Touch typing is typing without using the sense of sight to find the keys.
Specifically, a touch typist will know their location through muscle
memory. Some of the suggested ways of improving typing speeds in touch
typing are: ensuring a correct posture, exerting only the correct amount of
force required (i.e. not to bang on the keys), and taking frequent breaks
to relax and improve accuracy. The most important thing in learning to
touch type is to remember where the keys are. The first rule is to know
where the home row is, and where one's fingers are supposed to be placed.
At goodtyping.com you can learn the touch typing technique step-by-step
from the beginning.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
The Smurfs lived in a part of the world called "the Cursed Land". To reach
it required magic or travelling through dense forests, deep marshes, a
scorching desert and a high mountain range. The Smurfs themselves use
storks in order to travel long distances. The Smurf village is made up of
mushroom-like houses of different shapes and sizes in a desolate and rocky
land with just a few trees. However, the mushroom-like houses are more
similar to one another and are located in a clearing in the middle of a
deep forest with grass, a river, and vegetation. Humans such as Gargamel
are shown to live nearby, though it is almost impossible for an outsider
to find the Smurf village except when led by a Smurf.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
A plasma display panel (PDP) is a type of flat panel display now commonly
used for large TV displays (typically above 37-inch or 940 mm). Many tiny
cells located between two panels of glass hold an inert mixture of noble
gases (neon and xenon). The gas in the cells is electrically turned into a
plasma which then excites phosphors to emit light. The display panel is
only about 6 cm (2.5 inches) thick, while the total thickness, including
electronics, is less than 10 cm (4 inches). Plasma displays have a very
low-luminance "dark-room" black level compared to the lighter grey of the
unilluminated parts of an LCD screen. The lifetime of plasma displays is
estimated at 60,000 hours of display time, or 27 years at 6 hours per day.
The National Basketball Association (NBA) is the pre-eminent men's
professional basketball league in North America, and is widely considered
to be the premier men's professional basketball league in the world. It has
thirty franchised member clubs (29 in the United States and 1 in Canada),
and is an active member of USA Basketball (USAB), which is recognized by
FIBA (also known as the International Basketball Federation) as the
national governing body for basketball in the United States. The NBA is one
of the four major North American professional sports leagues. The league
was founded in New York City on June 6, 1946, as the Basketball Association
of America (BAA).
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
An Ironman Triathlon is one of a series of long-distance triathlon races
organized by the World Triathlon Corporation (WTC) consisting of a 2.4-mile
(3.86 km) swim, a 112-mile (180.25 km) bike and a marathon (26.2 miles or
42.195 km) run, raced in that order and without a break. The name "Ironman
Triathlon" refers to both the original Ironman triathlon and the annual
Ironman World Championship. Also called Ironman Hawaii, the world
championships of the event, held annually in Hawaii since 1978, are now
preceded by a series of qualifying events. Ironman Triathlon became known
for its grueling length, harsh race conditions, and television coverage.
The Hawaiian Ironman is considered a prestigious triathlon worldwide.
